>> Brian Holt: So now, I want to grab
this off of pop motion over here, right?
So if you click here on
the fork on CodePen,
this little button down here,
it's gonna bring up a code pen,
contain this,
>> Brian Holt: And
it has a bunch of stuff in here,
and you know what I'm gonna do?
I'm just gonna copy and paste all of it.
>> Brian Holt: So I'm gonna copy, go over
to my gallery, underneath my swiper stuff,
it could be above, too, doesn't matter.
So this is gonna be
the Navigation physics.
This is all the stuff that
they gave me from CodePen.
And the only thing I'm gonna
do up here is the ball,
in the sense,
it's not this ball right here.
We want that to be brand, right?
Cuz we want the brand to have physics
operate on it, not some sort of box.
Now, this is called ball, and
that's not really a good name for it.
But for now, let's just leave it,
cuz it's already set up and working.
So now, if I save that, we'll talk
about the code here in a second,
but, for now,
it's enough to copy and paste this.
They come back over here to swipe or
gallery, and I refresh the page.
Now, you can drag and drop this.
>> Speaker 2: Said that the z-index should
keep it from going behind anything?
>> Brian Holt: Mm-hm, so
if we go back over here,
mind this thing in front of the pictures.
So if I inspect element here.
So I have the z-index right there.
I just give it a value of ten.
But if I take that off,
notice I drag and drop it,
it's gonna go behind the pictures here.
>> Brian Holt: Because it's higher on the
page, it's implied be behind something.
>> Brian Holt: So that's why if I give
the z-index, that should it, above it.
>> Brian Holt: So are you seeing this?
This is working for you.
>> Brian Holt: So the key here, is I
got everything off of the CodePen, and
the only thing I changed about the
CodePen, is I changed the query selector
right there, to be dot brand new set of
dot box, and then, you have to load the.
You have to have the nav
up there obviously, right?
And you have to have this script tag.
>> Brian Holt: And then, that should work.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, if you're still
having issues, the next place to dive
into would be the console to see
what kind of errors you're getting.
So I'm not getting any errors, but
this is where you would find them.
>> Brian Holt: But then, this is a nice
little Easter egg that you can show your
people that are visiting your portfolio,
or something like that,
is you could make stuff
randomly draggable.
I always think those
things are kind of fun.
>> Speaker 3: Stuff you commented out in
the JavaScript is not meant to break it,
Math and damping.
>> Brian Holt: I never even
tried to commenting it.
>> Speaker 3: Iron common today,
and it won't move for me.
>> Brian Holt: Make sure you have
all your comma's, it's probably.
>> Speaker 3: Yep,
right above, what does mass do?
>> Brian Holt: I have no idea.
>> Speaker 3: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: [LAUGH] My guess
is that have to do something with
the physics, right?
So if I make like a really heavy, and
I make the physics interact differently.
>> Speaker 3: Yeah, there you got.
>> Brian Holt: Lucky guess.